README.md, before:

# MY FIRST EXPERIENCE - DEDICATED EFFORT TO CODE WITH AI ASSISTANCE - TDD WITH AI

## FIRST STEP - created a new console project, and a test project, and added one non-compiling test

## SECOND STEP--AND BEYOND - started working using AI

## SCREENSHOTS - these document the entire process from the first chat prompt forward

## OVERAL IMPRESSION

It was almost like a paired programming session with a highly competent, knowledgeable partner--almost. and this was mind-blowing to me.

We worked together through the TDD process, writing non-compiling tests, making them pass, refactoring. And, the AI was a pretty amazing pairing partner.

While this was a relatively simple session--a tiny code base, a few tests, a few classes--this session included many opportunities for the AI to show off.

## INTERACTIONS

- at times, i was deliberately vague with prompts and still found it incredible how appropriate/intuitive/helpful responses were
- when i put thoughtful instructions in the prompt, the responses were typically acceptable as is or very close
- when i wanted to tailor results with follow-up prompts, it was very easy to get exactly the results i wanted
- i could give concise prompts with technical terms rather than longer descriptions and get results that demonstrated these terms conveyed all the meaning necessary
- responses typically included more than just code changes suggestions--such as sensible summaries of the suggestions and applicable principles being observed
- it wasn't perfect constantly, but it was consistently very impressive and helpful
- and it was never difficult to use or difficult to interact with in meaningful ways
    - there were a couple times where my mistake sent us down a wrong path, but it was always easy to get back on track fast
    - one of these times that i remember, i looked up what i needed, then prompted with my error and a correction of what i needed
    - when going down a wrong path, conversations seemed to be with someone who was almost making human-like mistakes and exploring with me--not like a machine saying "does not compute"

## Cursor IDE

- really impressive and easy to use overall, very good experience
- fork of VSCOde so very convenient to install and get my extensions imported
- little IDE trickiness starting out as the early "check" screenshots show--that's on me
- you can configure different models to include--i just left the defaults
    - my impression is that the claude-3.5-sonnet model may be a premium model--specifically for writing software?
    - if this is the case, i'm curious if i'll notice a change after the free trial when i can only use non-premium models
- **FYI one screenshot** shows the usage of Premium models toward a monthly quota in my Cursor account
    - looked like a lot for one sit down session--at least a lot in terms of how much of a quota was used up
    - this is a free trial though--and my impression from a video demo is that the free account is still excellent, but maybe slower? idk

Commit message:

updated readme to indicate where screenshots are

README.md, after:

# MY FIRST EXPERIENCE - DEDICATED EFFORT TO CODE WITH AI ASSISTANCE - TDD WITH AI

## FIRST STEP - created a new console project, and a test project, and added one non-compiling test

## SECOND STEP--AND BEYOND - started working using AI

## SCREENSHOTS - these document the entire process from the first chat prompt forward

- screenshots located in a screenshots directory under "tdd-with-ai-experience-takeaways"

## OVERAL IMPRESSION

It was almost like a paired programming session with a highly competent, knowledgeable partner--almost. and this was mind-blowing to me.

We worked together through the TDD process, writing non-compiling tests, making them pass, refactoring. And, the AI was a pretty amazing pairing partner.

While this was a relatively simple session--a tiny code base, a few tests, a few classes--this session included many opportunities for the AI to show off.

## INTERACTIONS

- at times, i was deliberately vague with prompts and still found it incredible how appropriate/intuitive/helpful responses were
- when i put thoughtful instructions in the prompt, the responses were typically acceptable as is or very close
- when i wanted to tailor results with follow-up prompts, it was very easy to get exactly the results i wanted
- i could give concise prompts with technical terms rather than longer descriptions and get results that demonstrated these terms conveyed all the meaning necessary
- responses typically included more than just code changes suggestions--such as sensible summaries of the suggestions and applicable principles being observed
- it wasn't perfect constantly, but it was consistently very impressive and helpful
- and it was never difficult to use or difficult to interact with in meaningful ways
    - there were a couple times where my mistake sent us down a wrong path, but it was always easy to get back on track fast
    - one of these times that i remember, i looked up what i needed, then prompted with my error and a correction of what i needed
    - when going down a wrong path, conversations seemed to be with someone who was almost making human-like mistakes and exploring with me--not like a machine saying "does not compute"

## Cursor IDE

- really impressive and easy to use overall, very good experience
- fork of VSCOde so very convenient to install and get my extensions imported
- little IDE trickiness starting out as the early "check" screenshots show--that's on me
- you can configure different models to include--i just left the defaults
    - my impression is that the claude-3.5-sonnet model may be a premium model--specifically for writing software?
    - if this is the case, i'm curious if i'll notice a change after the free trial when i can only use non-premium models
- **FYI one screenshot** "usage-from-1st-session--all-in-screenshots.png" shows the usage of Premium models toward a monthly quota in my Cursor account
    - looked like a lot for one sit down session--at least a lot in terms of how much of a quota was used up
    - this is a free trial though--and my impression from a video demo is that the free account is still excellent, but maybe slower? idk
